src/content/venues/the-barn-at-edgewood.mdx, before:

---
name: "The Barn at Edgewood"
location: "Edgewood, Pennsylvania"
description: "A beautifully restored 19th-century barn set on 20 acres of rolling countryside, blending rustic charm with modern elegance."
venueType: "barn"
capacity:
  min: 50
  max: 250
logistics:
  loadInNotes: "Vehicle access through the east service entrance. Loading dock available for large installations. Freight elevator to the loft level."
  setupTime: "Florist setup window is typically 3 hours before ceremony. Earlier access available by arrangement with venue coordinator."
  restrictions:
    - "No open flames — LED candles only inside the barn structure"
    - "No confetti, glitter, or loose petals on the dance floor (staining risk)"
    - "Hanging installations must use approved rigging points only"
    - "All floral materials must be removed within 2 hours post-event"
  contactInfo: "events@barnatedgewood.com"
recommendedFlowers:
  - "Garden roses"
  - "Dahlias"
  - "Ranunculus"
  - "Eucalyptus varieties"
  - "Dried grasses and pampas"
  - "Seasonal wildflowers"
seasonalNotes: "Spring and fall weddings benefit from the surrounding foliage. Summer weddings should consider heat-hardy varieties as the barn can be warm despite fans. Winter offers a cozy, intimate atmosphere — consider rich jewel tones and evergreen accents."
pviId: "venue-barn-edgewood-001"
---

## About The Barn at Edgewood

The Barn at Edgewood is one of the most sought-after rustic-elegant wedding venues in western Pennsylvania. The restored timber-frame barn features soaring 30-foot ceilings, original stone walls, and massive windows that flood the space with natural light.

### Floral Design Considerations

**The Ceremony Space:**
The barn's main hall serves as the ceremony space with a stunning backdrop of aged wood and iron chandeliers. Key floral opportunities:

- **Entrance arrangements** — Frame the barn doors (12 feet tall) with seasonal greenery or climbing floral installations
- **Aisle markers** — Pew-end clusters or shepherd's hooks along the 60-foot center aisle
- **Altar area** — The existing iron chandelier serves as a natural focal point; floral additions should complement rather than compete

**The Reception Space:**
The loft level and covered patio host the reception. Consider:

- **Long farm tables** (seats 8-10) — Garland runners with intermittent bud vases work beautifully with the rustic aesthetic
- **Round tables** (seats 8) — Medium centerpieces in wooden or copper vessels suit the space
- **The bar area** — A statement arrangement on the reclaimed-wood bar creates a focal moment

### What Works Best Here

The Barn at Edgewood has a strong aesthetic identity — warm wood, iron, and stone. Flowers that complement this character include:

- **Organic, garden-gathered styles** over structured, formal designs
- **Warm palettes** — Peach, terracotta, sage, cream, and burgundy
- **Textural variety** — Mix soft blooms with grasses, seed pods, and trailing greenery
- **Seasonal authenticity** — The venue's countryside setting rewards designs that feel connected to the landscape

### Logistics Tips from Our Team

After dozens of weddings at this venue, here's what we've learned:

1. **Arrive early** — The service entrance can get congested with multiple vendors. We recommend arriving at the start of the setup window.
2. **Temperature matters** — In summer, store delicate flowers in your refrigerated vehicle as long as possible. The barn's interior can reach 80°F+ before the AC kicks in.
3. **Use the rigging points** — The barn has pre-approved attachment points for hanging installations. The venue coordinator can share the rigging map.
4. **Bring your own vessels** — The venue's included decor is minimal. Plan on providing all vases, containers, and mechanics.
5. **Breakdown crew** — Schedule a 2-person crew for post-event floral removal within the 2-hour window.

### Gallery

*Photos coming soon — we're building our visual library for this venue using the Poppy Visual Intelligence system.*

Commit message:

feat: QA fixes — venue detail cards, accordion FAQ, directory page, format helpers
- Updated venue schema with setting, style, bestSeasons, heroImage, sources, faqItems
- Rebuilt venue detail page with emoji info cards, hero image placeholder, accordion FAQ
- Built /venues/ directory page with filter pills and VenueCard grid
- Added formatVenueType helper for consistent capitalization
- Added Venue Guides link to main nav
- Fixed hero section text issue in MDX content
- Added source/website links to venue data

Closes QA issues #1-6 from Michael's feedback

src/content/venues/the-barn-at-edgewood.mdx, after:

---
name: "The Barn at Edgewood"
location: "Edgewood, Pennsylvania"
description: "A beautifully restored 19th-century barn set on 20 acres of rolling countryside, blending rustic charm with modern elegance."
venueType: "barn"
setting: "Indoor/Outdoor"
style: "Rustic Elegant"
bestSeasons: ["spring", "summer", "fall"]
images: []
website: "https://www.thebarnatedgewood.com"
sources:
  - label: "Official Website"
    url: "https://www.thebarnatedgewood.com"
  - label: "The Knot"
    url: "https://www.theknot.com/marketplace/the-barn-at-edgewood"
  - label: "Google Maps"
    url: "https://www.google.com/maps/place/Edgewood,+PA"
capacity:
  min: 50
  max: 250
logistics:
  loadInNotes: "Vehicle access through the east service entrance. Loading dock available for large installations. Freight elevator to the loft level."
  setupTime: "Florist setup window is typically 3 hours before ceremony. Earlier access available by arrangement with venue coordinator."
  restrictions:
    - "No open flames — LED candles only inside the barn structure"
    - "No confetti, glitter, or loose petals on the dance floor (staining risk)"
    - "Hanging installations must use approved rigging points only"
    - "All floral materials must be removed within 2 hours post-event"
  contactInfo: "events@barnatedgewood.com"
recommendedFlowers:
  - "Garden roses"
  - "Dahlias"
  - "Ranunculus"
  - "Eucalyptus varieties"
  - "Dried grasses and pampas"
  - "Seasonal wildflowers"
seasonalNotes: "Spring and fall weddings benefit from the surrounding foliage. Summer weddings should consider heat-hardy varieties as the barn can be warm despite fans. Winter offers a cozy, intimate atmosphere — consider rich jewel tones and evergreen accents."
faqItems:
  - question: "What is the guest capacity?"
    answer: "The Barn at Edgewood accommodates 50 to 250 guests, with flexible indoor and outdoor ceremony and reception configurations."
  - question: "Is there on-site catering?"
    answer: "The venue does not provide in-house catering. Couples must hire a licensed and insured full-service caterer from the venue's approved vendor list or obtain prior approval for outside caterers."
  - question: "Are there floral restrictions?"
    answer: "Yes. No open flames or real candles are allowed inside the barn. Confetti, glitter, and loose petals are prohibited on the dance floor due to staining risk. All hanging installations must use pre-approved rigging points, and all floral materials must be removed within 2 hours after the event."
  - question: "How much setup time do florists get?"
    answer: "The standard florist setup window is 3 hours before the ceremony. Earlier access can be arranged through the venue coordinator for larger installations."
pviId: "venue-barn-edgewood-001"
---

## About The Barn at Edgewood

The Barn at Edgewood is one of the most sought-after rustic-elegant wedding venues in western Pennsylvania. The restored timber-frame barn features soaring 30-foot ceilings, original stone walls, and massive windows that flood the space with natural light.

### Floral Design Considerations

**The Ceremony Space:**
The barn's main hall serves as the ceremony space with a stunning backdrop of aged wood and iron chandeliers. Key floral opportunities:

- **Entrance arrangements** — Frame the barn doors (12 feet tall) with seasonal greenery or climbing floral installations
- **Aisle markers** — Pew-end clusters or shepherd's hooks along the 60-foot center aisle
- **Altar area** — The existing iron chandelier serves as a natural focal point; floral additions should complement rather than compete

**The Reception Space:**
The loft level and covered patio host the reception. Consider:

- **Long farm tables** (seats 8-10) — Garland runners with intermittent bud vases work beautifully with the rustic aesthetic
- **Round tables** (seats 8) — Medium centerpieces in wooden or copper vessels suit the space
- **The bar area** — A statement arrangement on the reclaimed-wood bar creates a focal moment

### What Works Best Here

The Barn at Edgewood has a strong aesthetic identity — warm wood, iron, and stone. Flowers that complement this character include:

- **Organic, garden-gathered styles** over structured, formal designs
- **Warm palettes** — Peach, terracotta, sage, cream, and burgundy
- **Textural variety** — Mix soft blooms with grasses, seed pods, and trailing greenery
- **Seasonal authenticity** — The venue's countryside setting rewards designs that feel connected to the landscape

### Logistics Tips from Our Team

After dozens of weddings at this venue, here's what we've learned:

1. **Arrive early** — The service entrance can get congested with multiple vendors. We recommend arriving at the start of the setup window.
2. **Temperature matters** — In summer, store delicate flowers in your refrigerated vehicle as long as possible. The barn's interior can reach 80°F+ before the AC kicks in.
3. **Use the rigging points** — The barn has pre-approved attachment points for hanging installations. The venue coordinator can share the rigging map.
4. **Bring your own vessels** — The venue's included decor is minimal. Plan on providing all vases, containers, and mechanics.
5. **Breakdown crew** — Schedule a 2-person crew for post-event floral removal within the 2-hour window.

### Gallery

*Photos coming soon — we're building our visual library for this venue using the Poppy Visual Intelligence system.*
